docs: update links in README.md (#590)
modelix/modelix.core: README.md

For general information on modelix, please refer to the [official modelix homepage](https://modelix.org) as well as the [platform documentation](https://docs.modelix.org).

> A list of individual components and links to component-specific documentation can be found [here](https://docs.modelix.org/modelix/main/reference/components-table.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list of individual components and links to component-specific documentation can be found [in our documentation](https://docs.modelix.org/modelix/main/reference/components-table.html).
```

That gives better accessibility.

# modelix.core

This repository contains the core components of the modelix platform.
All components in this repository have no dependencies to JetBrains MPS.

> If you are looking for MPS related modelix components,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are looking for MPS-related modelix components,
```
